Remove ide (#524)
klaytn/klaytn-docs: docs/smart-contract/sample-contracts/erc-20/2-erc20.md

# 2. Deploying Smart Contract

You can use Remix Online IDE or use Truffle to deploy `MyERC20` smart contract.

## 2.1 Deploying smart contract using Remix Online IDE <a href="#2-1-deploying-smart-contract-using-klaytn-ide" id="2-1-deploying-smart-contract-using-klaytn-ide"></a>

> * Please visit [Remix Online IDE](https://remix.ethereum.org/) and create a `MyERC20` contract. The complete source code was given at [Writing ERC-20 Smart Contract](1-erc20.md).

Reviewer: same comments https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn-docs/pull/524/files#r1058017456

> * Please visit [Remix Online IDE](https://remix.ethereum.org/) and create a `MyERC20` contract. The complete source code was given at [Writing ERC-20 Smart Contract](1-erc20.md).

Author: ```suggestion
* Please visit [Klaytn Plugin for Remix](https://ide.klaytn.foundation) and create a `MyERC20` contract. The complete source code was given at [Writing ERC-20 Smart Contract](1-erc20.md).
```

* Prepare your account which will be used to deploy the contract.
  * If you do not have an account yet, create one at [https://baobab.wallet.klaytn.foundation/create](https://baobab.wallet.klaytn.foundation/create) or [https://toolkit.klaytn.foundation/account/accountKeyLegacy](https://toolkit.klaytn.foundation/account/accountKeyLegacy).
  * Get some test KLAY from the faucet - [https://baobab.wallet.klaytn.foundation/faucet](https://baobab.wallet.klaytn.foundation/faucet)
* Let's deploy `MyERC20.sol` with the deploy parameters of `BAOBABTOKEN`, `BAO` and `8`.

![ERC20-1-deploy](images/erc20-1-deploy.png)

After deploying, you can invoke `balanceOf` with your account, which was used to deploy the contract. You will find there are `10000000000000` tokens available in your account as below. Because you set `decimal` as `8` when deploying the contract above, it minted a fixed number of `100000` tokens in the constructor, with one token having a decimal value of `10^8`. `totalSupply` method will return the total supply of tokens minted which should be also `10000000000000`.

![ERC20-2-owner-token](images/erc20-2-owner\_token.png)

`MyERC20` is now live !

> ## 2.2 Deploying smart contract using truffle <a href="#2-2-deploying-smart-contract-using-truffle" id="2-2-deploying-smart-contract-using-truffle"></a>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 2.2 Deploying smart contract using truffle <a id="2-2-deploying-smart-contract-using-truffle"></a>
```
